Get moving on to our Put rope.
This is how we would update it to do let's say when you check off a do you click on it you're actually
sending a request in our to do app it's generating AJAX call sending a request to then change the status
or the completed from true to false or false to true.
So it's the same path slash API slash dues slash than the PATH variable of that to do ID.
But it's a put request so let's hop over here and define our router.
Put.
And then the path is slash colon to do Id add in our same request and response.
Is actually started off with the rest of the send update route and save that.
So to send a put request when I need to use postman again or I could use AJAX but I can't just go to
it in my browser.
OK.
So I'm in postman and I'm just going to take one ID because I need some ID.
Even though Actually truth be told right now because we're not actually updating anything I could just
put jibberish like this after slash to do's and send it as a put.
And that still triggers our route.
As you can see here I get update REPP so it doesn't matter if I actually have a real ID afterward or
not.
It's treating it the same.
But that's going to end now because we're now going to actually update something.
So how are we going to do this.
So the magic that we need is DVD not to do and there's a find one and update.
So it used to be that you had to go find something based off of this idea and then update it.
Mongoose now has find one and update and the first thing we need to pass in is an object which tells
it how to find it.
So we're finding it based off of underscore ID.
And that's going to be request harams dot to do Id So using this.
So whatever we send in that request will probably or it will look something like this one of those Mangu
automatic IDs.
So we're going to find it.
But then we have the part where we actually update it.
So after the object how are we going to update it.
So this would look like I don't know a name is a walk dog but we're not going to hard code that in.
We're going to use whatever's in the request body and then we'll add our dog then and here.
I'm just going to put to do for now and we're going to read Jaison to do and then same with our catch.
OK.
So we should we get to go to restart the server.
Let's go to postman.
And I want to clear all my requests and I'm going to start by just requesting slash API slash to do's
so I can just see what we have right now as it get.
So I have a couple of duplicates.
Let's take this one by bread.
So I'm going to try and update it.
So instead of buy bread it's going to say buy croissant.
So here's my path.
I need that I.D. and I need to send it as a put request and I need to give it data.
So in body we don't care about mood can delete that but let's change the name to buy croissants and
I send it and notice when I get back.
It says Name is by Bread.
Let's verify if that's true.
Let's run our get request again from earlier.
And you can see it actually says buy croissant.
So it did update in the database but it responded with the old version.
And that's just how this mongoose method works.
It responds with by default at least the old data before of us updated.
We can change that if we also pass in an option that says new.
True.
So true.
It's just in the docs.
What it will do is instead of sending or responding with the old version it will give you the updated
version.
So here to do.
Is now going to be the new to do.
So if we restart now go back to postman and I say I send the same request but this time instead of name
by Cruzan let's say bake croissant.
I don't know why I'm doing these caps.
So I said that.
Now you can see it's updated and I'm getting a new version that is updated.
OK.
So that's a wrap for the update route.
All we have left now is to delete and then we'll refactor.